Add CoRIM revocation to input validation (#487)
ietf-rats-wg/draft-ietf-rats-corim: draft-ietf-rats-corim.md

All available CoRIMs are collected.

> CoRIMs that are not within their validity period, have been revoked by an authorized source, or are
> not associated with an authenticated and authorized source MUST be discarded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CoRIM tags that are not within their validity period, that have  been revoked by an authorized source, or are
not associated with an authenticated and authorized source MUST be discarded.
```

Reviewer: Does this editorial change leave the original intent intact?

All available CoRIMs are collected.

> CoRIMs that are not within their validity period, have been revoked by an authorized source, or are

Reviewer 2: CoRIM tags are discarded if:
* If they are expired
* that have been revoked
* are not associated with an authenticated source
